[Applause]
[Music]
you
great time for school are you doing okay
yeah
[Music]
you sure you don't look okay
mom languages please Amira
[Music]
okay then just get ready to you're late
they'll be fine
in flames another vegetable
[Music]
you
factory right
[Applause]
[Music]
right here Tracy breathe baby breathe
okay I guess you found some this I I
need to get ready for class I'm gonna
take a look at this book you guys just
hold tight for a few minutes and we'll
wait started on act three
[Music]
mr. Barker come here look at this
I gotta go
so when actory when the other girls are
repeating everything American one says
it's very dramatic and if you were
acting finish leading I miss mr. Ziegler
I think you have a student in your
closet I just like snapchat on snapchat
three three are you in here I'm sorry
[Music]
okay okay are you okay yeah I'm fine
Fraser yeah there's nothing well I need
to talk to you about something people
are starting out with you I can't okay
yeah
[Music]
you think my way
sorry
[Music]
steep
go to class
okay yeah I'm fine I just I gotta go
back to flasher
yeah fine hold on
I got
[Music]
I'm sorry I've been such a very friendly